Motorola Moto X with 16GB Memory for Sprint: From the way it fits in your hand, to the way it fits in your pocket, the Motorola Moto X fits your life. Whether you are driving and need to answer a call, or need to make a note to pick up your dry cleaning, with a simple voice command, Google Now can take care of both. Taking photos is as easy as a flip of your wrist.
Qualcomm Snapdragon S4 Pro processor.
Dual-core 1.7GHz processor and 2GB of RAM delivers fast overall phone performance for opening and running applications, flipping through menus, running home screens and more.
Android 4.2.2 Jelly Bean operating system.
Faster load times and other performance enhancements help you manage your day-to-day activities. With the Google Now personal assistant you can view live traffic and weather reports, sports scores and more.
4G LTE speed.
Provides fast Web connection for downloading apps, streaming content and connecting to social media.
4.7" AMOLED HD touch screen.
1280 x 720 resolution and 16 million colors displays texts, e-mails, games, photos and videos with impressive clarity. Corning Gorilla Glass resists scratches and bumps.
10MP rear-facing camera with Full HD 1080p recording.
Includes features you'd find on a real camera like autofocus, LED flash and 4X digital zoom. Capture your shot instantly by twisting your wrist twice and touching anywhere on the screen.
Front-facing camera for candid self-portraits.
A 2.0MP camera lets your capture yourself in your best light, and share with family and friends.
16GB internal memory.
Provides plenty of storage space for your photos, music, apps and more. Includes 2 free years of Google Drive storage (50GB).*
Wi-Fi and Bluetooth ensure connectivity almost anywhere.
With 4G, Wi-Fi and Bluetooth connections available, making phone calls or connecting to the Internet is as easy as one, two, three.
Google Now is your personal assistant.
Set an alarm, create an appointment, dial a friend. With a simple voice command, Google Now can do them all.
Curved design prevents hand-fatigue.
The slightly curved back allows you to easily cradle the phone in your palm.
Access to Google Play.
Browse and download apps, magazines, books, movies, and television programs directly to your phone.
*Offer must be redeemed within 30 days of activation.
Requires a Simply Everything or Everything Data plan and a $10 Premium Data add-on.