Equipped with the Android 5.1 Lollipop operating system and a 6" Quad HD AMOLED touch screen, this Motorola Nexus 6 MOTXT1103 cell phone allows you to keep in touch with loved ones and stay productive while on the go.
Qualcomm Snapdragon Processor.
2.7GHz Qualcomm Snapdragon 805 quad-core processor with 3GB RAM for reliable performance.
Android 5.1 Lollipop operating system.
Allows you to stay connected and productive on the go.
4G LTE speed.
Provides fast Web connection for downloading apps, streaming content and staying connected with social media.
Dual-band Wi-Fi 802.11a/b/g/n/ac network.
For Internet capability without using your data plan while in range of a Wi-Fi signal.
Bluetooth 4.1.
For wireless communication with a Bluetooth-enabled device. Supports A2DP, AVRCP, BPP, DUN, FTP, GAP, GAVDP, GOEP, HFP, HID, HSP, MAP, NAP, OPP, PAN, PBAP and SPP Bluetooth profiles.
6" Quad HD AMOLED touch screen.
With 2560 x 1440 pixels resolution and 16:9 aspect ratio for clear viewing of your photos, videos, games and other Web content. Corning Gorilla Glass 3 offers a durable design.
32GB internal memory.
Provides ample storage space for your contacts, music, apps and more.
13.0MP rear-facing camera.
With optical image stabilization and a dual-LED ring flash lets you capture stunning images and up to 4K Ultra HD video footage. A 2.1MP front-facing camera lets you take selfies and record in full high-definition.
Face Unlock.
Provides added security to ensure your information remains private.
Dual front-facing speakers.
Deliver immersive stereo sound.
Up to 24 hours of usage time and up to 10 days of standby time*.
With the included 3200 mAh lithium-ion battery. Use the Turbo Charger to receive up to 6 hours of battery life in as little as 15 minutes.
* Battery life is based on a typical user profile that includes both usage and standby.
Phone activation required before use. Carrier activation fees may apply.
Requires a voice plan and data package.
Early termination fee of $350.