Motorola Atrix HD 4G Cell Phone with 8GB Memory for AT&T: The Motorola Atrix HD offers exceptionally fast speed, meaning downloads and e-mails get there in almost no time. Sporting a 4.5" screen, featuring Gorilla Glass to guard against breaks and scratches, this phone allows you the luxury of seeing your photos in an eye-opening format. 
Qualcomm Snapdragon S4 processor.
Dual-core 1.5GHz processor and 1GB of RAM delivers fast overall phone performance and handles demanding applications for gaming, photography, business and personal productivity.
Android 4.1 Jelly Bean operating system.
With fast load times and the Google Now personal assistant built in, this operating system helps you manage your day-to-day activities. View live traffic and weather reports and find your destination.
4G LTE speed.
Provides fast Web connection for downloading apps, streaming content and staying connected with social media.
4.5" ColorBoost HD touch screen.
1280 x 720 resolution and 16 million colors provide clear viewing of photos, videos and games. Corning Gorilla Glass resists scratches and bumps.
8.0MP rear-facing camera with full HD 1080p recording.
Includes autofocus, flash and 8X digital zoom, so you can get close to the action and capture great-looking photos and videos.
Front-facing camera for candid self-portraits.
A 1.3MP camera lets your capture yourself in your best light, and share with family and friends.
8GB internal memory plus microSD slot.
Provides storage space for your contacts, music, apps and more. Expand storage by adding a microSD card (up to 32GB).
Wi-Fi and Bluetooth ensure connectivity almost anywhere.
With 4G, Wi-Fi and Bluetooth connections available, making phone calls or connecting to the Internet is as easy as one, two, three.
Google Now is your personal assistant.
Set an alarm, create an appointment, dial a friend. With a simple voice command, Google Now can do them all.
Access to Google Play.
Browse and download apps, magazines, books, movies, and television programs directly to your phone.
Durably built with KEVLAR.
This phone comes encased in DuPont KEVLAR® fiber for superb resilience against bumps and normal wear and tear, while the water-repellent nanocoating protects against spills.
Phone activation required before use.
Requires a minimum data service starting at $20/month.
Early termination fees will be prorated, starting at $325 minus $10 for each full month of service commitment completed.