Featuring a 15.6" capacitive touch screen, this HP TouchSmart gsrf-g9d68ua#aba laptop makes it simple to accurately navigate through Web pages and other displayed content. The TrueVision webcam helps you stay in touch with loved ones.
4th Gen Intel® Core™ i3-4010U processor.
Features a 3MB L3 cache and 1.7GHz processor speed.
Intel® Core™ i3 processor.
Features smart 4-way processing performance for HD quality computing. Intel® HD graphics provide extra graphics power for your laptop when you need it.
4GB DDR3L SDRAM memory.
For multitasking power.
Multiformat DVD±RW/CD-RW drive.
Create custom DVDs and CDs.
15.6" LED-backlit high-definition capacitive touch-screen display.
With BrightView technology and 1366 x 768 resolution provides stunningly clear images and lets you navigate features with ease.
500GB hard drive (5400 rpm).
Offers spacious storage and fast read/write times. Includes 25GB of lifetime Cloud storage from Box, so you can enjoy simple, secure sharing of files from virtually anywhere.
Intel® HD Graphics 4400.
Deliver lush images with rich, intricate detail. An HDMI output allows flexible connectivity.
Front-facing TrueVision high-definition webcam.
Along with an integrated digital microphone makes it easy to video chat with family and friends.
Multiformat media reader.
Supports Secure Digital format.
1 SuperSpeed USB 3.0 port and 2 USB 2.0 ports.
For fast digital video, audio and data transfer.
Built-in 1x1 high-speed wireless LAN (802.11b/g/n).
Lets you quickly connect to the Internet without wires.
Built-in 10/100Base-T Ethernet LAN.
With RJ-45 connector enables fast and simple wired Web connection.
Weighs 5.3 lbs. and measures just 1" thin.
For easy portability. The full-size, island-style, keyboard with a numeric keypad allows comfortable typing and data entry.
HP finish in black licorice.
Offers a stylish appearance.
Microsoft Windows 8.1 64-bit operating system preinstalled.
Provides a stable platform for word processing, Web navigation, gaming, media storage and more.
ENERGY STAR certified.
Designed to use less energy and meets strict energy efficiency guidelines set by the Environmental Protection Agency and U.S. Department of Energy.